1.what is python?
  python is an interpreted,object-oriented,high-level programming language and it is a computer language often used to 
  build websites and software,automate task and analyze data and a computer can easily understand electricity language or 
  voltage language
2.what is high level language in python?
  It is for humans to understand and the coding is also quite easy
3.what is interpreted in python?
  Python is an interpreted language, which means the source code of a python program is converted into bytecode that is 
  then executed by the python virtual machine
4.what is dynamically typed language?
  These are the languages that does not require any pre-defined data type for any variable as it is interprited at 
  run time by the machine itself
5.what is variable?
  A python variable is a reserved memory location to store values
6.what is type conversion method?
  Python defines type conversion functions to directly convert one data type to another which is useful in day-to-day
  and competitive programming. 
     There are two types of Type Conversion in Python:
      Python Implicit Type Conversion
      Python Explicit Type Conversion
 For implicit type conversion : the python interpreter automatically assigns a data type to a variable once it is
                                 declared
 For explict type conversion  : the process of manually converting a value from one data type to another using 
                                built-in functions like int(), float(), or str().
7.what are the data types in python?
    Data types are the classifications or catergorization of data items. it represents the kind of value that
    tells what operations can be performed on a particular data. since everything is an object in python programming 
    data types are classes and variables are instance (objects) of these classes.the following are the standards 
    or built-in data types in python.
     . numeric
     . sequennce type
     . boolean
     . set
     . dictionary
     . binary types (memory view, byte array ,bvytes)
